README.md, before:

# Traveller API

This API manages the travellerDto's data

# API Documentation

The API is documented using the OpenAPI specification and can be consulted with Swagger on http://localhost:8081/swagger-ui/index.html

# The travellerDto

A travellerDto has the following attributes

 - First name
 - Last name
 - Birthdate
 - Email address
 - Mobile number
 - Document (only one active from multiple allowed)
 - Active flag
 - Email, Mobile Number and Document are unique and can be assigned to only one Traveller


# Traveller's Document

 - Type (one of Passport, ID card, Driver's license)
 - Number
 - Issuing country
 - Active flag
 - Unique documentDto is identified by unique combination of documentDto type, documentDto number and documentDto issuing country

# API Operations

## POST: Create traveller
## GET: Get traveller: search by email or mobile or documentDto
## PUT: Update traveller

Allow update traveller info. As email, mobile and document are unique and identify the traveller only other traveller's fields can be updated

## PUT: Deactivate traveller

# Deployment

## Usage

Use gradle task bootRun to start the Springboot application, served by an embedded Tomcat server.

Cluster deployment can be monitored by the Springboot actuator's health endpoint available at http://localhost:8081/actuator/health

Commit message:

When creating a user if several documents have the active flag set to true then the first one provided will be the single one active

README.md, after:

# Traveller API

This API manages the travellerDto's data

# API Documentation

The API is documented using the OpenAPI specification and can be consulted with Swagger on http://localhost:8081/swagger-ui/index.html

# The travellerDto

A travellerDto has the following attributes

 - First name
 - Last name
 - Birthdate
 - Email address
 - Mobile number
 - Document (only one active from multiple allowed)
 - Active flag
 - Email, Mobile Number and Document are unique and can be assigned to only one Traveller


# Traveller's Document

 - Type (one of Passport, ID card, Driver's license)
 - Number
 - Issuing country
 - Active flag
 - Unique documentDto is identified by unique combination of documentDto type, documentDto number and documentDto issuing country

# API Operations

## POST: Create traveller

When creating a user if several documents have the active flag set to true then the first one provided will be the single one active

## GET: Get traveller: search by email or mobile or documentDto
## PUT: Update traveller

Allow update traveller info. As email, mobile and document are unique and identify the traveller only other traveller's fields can be updated

## PUT: Deactivate traveller

# Deployment

## Usage

Use gradle task bootRun to start the Springboot application, served by an embedded Tomcat server.

Cluster deployment can be monitored by the Springboot actuator's health endpoint available at http://localhost:8081/actuator/health
